hi in this video we're gonna eat loads
of foods that are nasty basically we
asked you guys to tweet us gross
combinations of foods and we're gonna
eat them for attention because you know
we figure there's like the salt and ice
creams we don't want to injure ourselves
but we will eat gross food combination
or attention up for attention we're
doing this all for you smoochies so
let's see what you nasty Fox of sent us
pussy well I wants us eat cookies and
ketchup sure got the cookies vegan or a
healthy
I honestly catch up with almost
everything something called the you know
sit on that in the catch YUM 3:01 I
think a gross person isn't that bad I
would never choose either but it wasn't
like Batman pickles and Nutella love
Nutella I love pickles love attention
got the pickles
it doesn't actually Nutella because
sorry it's been opened get a dip in
Misiones
mmm anything like that
Oh what did if you saw my penis and it
looked like that yeah anyone actually
answer when you like that I think I
picked this one to be my penis gonna
analyze that curve thing going on I
could I just got a sheet now we're going
to eat yogurt and ham for attention got
the yogurt got some ham get it smart on
there three two one
look a little at Roulette drop that
one's actually disgusting Oh who sent is
that we started out funny now I felt
kind of sad I feel so sick now you all
really want me to be sick is vanilla ice
cream and muster that's just just like
adding a bunch of things that I love and
making them gross oh my
how about before you ruin mmm
not for God we are not all actually
throw up I'm joking
this do an icon it's one video so I will
throw up one video anyway sorry it's
just one will this matter in five years
yes well that's not our intent when I
develop all this matter when I'm gonna
what's matter today I'm gonna develop
you are still pushing that amuse me
today oh I think I got it Oh what that
looks like I don't know I've just never
off the same thing they should make
prisoners do that and last but not least
this one says sardines and baby food on
bread we have my baby food or Greta and
we're just gonna do sardines because
Jenny hates sardines oh my god I'm not
I'm not I'm not doing that
oh no it's an actual fish in there
that's a fish that they just got from
the lake input anything that is anyone
you have a bone in it oh it has a bone
in it
no it does it people like these we're
gonna do a lady in a tramp daddy are you
actually gonna be like Ellie so I hope
you found that amusing
I didn't sardines are gross Saudis will
create a does an official torture
alright guys we love you we did that for
you we all are see that there's fish
you